Mosphere needs more countries.

NAME / CLIMATE / GGOVERMENT SYSTEM / ECONOMY / CORPERATE SYSTEM / CULTURE

First, lets define Mispherus, as an example

Misferuus "Mispherus" / Mainly Planes / Partial Democracy / Communist / Socialist / Deterministic
--Mainly Planes - Small, yet condenced cities
--Partial Democracy - An odd combonation of democracy and monarchy
--Communist - Mandatroy work is automated to focus on arts. Jobs are optional and people are paied fairly
--Socialist - Workers own the means to production. If someone is growing food, that food belongs to them.
--Dterministic - To accomidate artifical life, their culture is deterministic and very literal,
to the point where their culture has a way of abbreviating C code so it can be said out loud.

- The constitution is a git repo. You can clone, edit, commit, and pull request.
- There is a master branch and a testing branch.
- Pull requests are approved by the parlement. Hovever, the parlement is defined in the repo.
It used to be eitable and to leave parlement, you would literally make a git commit to delete yourself.
Of course, nobody really wanted to do that. Random perople would submit huge pull requests
that sneakly get rid of some people and this lead to an oligarchy. They almost `git reset --hard`
all the way back to capitalism. On top of that, new land was getting... "colonized". [Meme image: nobody liked that]
People realized taht if everyone combined their wealth, it would be almost as much as the top 1%.
Basically, everyone that wasn't a billionare *combind* is also a billionare. An angry mob broke into
the "capital" (server room) and deleted records. Particularly, the constitution repo. They then dug
up a backup, took the `cnstitution.txt` file from the very first commit, put it in an new repo and
immeadiatly declared themselves parleent and changed all the passwords. Not its permenant!
Wanna go back? `git reset --hard HEAD@1` dosn't take you to the previous commit, it takes you all the way
back to the original constitution from '97! Wanna do it anyway? Don't have the password!
They proceded to tell everyone esle to GTFO and the entire country lived in anarchy for a week!
The big cities loved it. They invented their own mini-governemnt of anarchy, capitalism and socialism combined
wich sounds a bit odd considering they are all opposites... bit it kinda worked... kinda.
THere were thousands of mini goverments but basically luxeries cost money but basic human
needs are free. Anarcho-capitalism. In socialism, "The workers on the means of production"
In the mini-governments it was "...The what?" Yeah, they forgot 'production' existed.
IMMEADIATE MICROCHIP SHORTAGE! One micro-governemnt got fed up with all the noise
and became a macro-government and became Kxerhestar. Unfourtunatly, when they "declared"
independence, they didn't tell anyone. When the goverment was reformed, they thought that
tehy still controlled the "lake lands" and THEY didnt tell anyone either!
They both thought they owned the land. The goverment decided do a little thing
called WAR. commit titles were all over the place at the time. I'll dump some at the end.

> How many commits?
People argue the best time was arround 2 billion (Mosphere Year 300, circa 2450) and then
the goverment became oligarchy, commits became frantic and quickly shot up to 2.3 Billion
(Year 320) before getting completely reset (Year 324). Changes were made through huge ammounts of tiny
commits wich quickly made it go from 5 commits, to 50,000 commits in a matter of months (Year 325)
Eventually the government made spesific format requirements to make all commits uniform and easy to
search through. At the current time (Mosphere year 450, circa 2600) it is roughly stable at
2A,00,00,00 (750,000,000 in human numbers)

> Mosphere years? When is 0?
I'm not sure yet but I want to say the country/planet (and year 0) was arround 2200
and it is currently set in year 2600 wich is arround 450 in mosphere years.
Doing the math I'd say year zero was arround... ... ...2150 I guess?
This is not cannon! ..yet. Not really ready to answer this but I knew someone would ask...

> Do they literally use git?
Uhhhhhh..... Yeah lol. They LITERALLY use the real git.
"BuT GiT Is FoR HuManS. ThiS Is AliAn CivIlIzAt---" Shut up bro.
If they know the human POSIX standards, can read and write the human C++
programing language, and ccan almost speak HUMAN english and are very aware
of HUMAN politics, It wouldn't be a big stretch to say that they use software
that was made by Linus Torvalds (Assumed to be human). Also, was it cannon that
achent tribes (2100 ish) worshiped their own source code wich happened to contain Linux
(because they were Synths... er somthing.) Look man. I aint good at worldbuilding
the anchent neolithic period... even if it did take place in 2070...

> Is it a REAL repo? I wanna commit!
I was going to make a repo for comidy reasons but now that I think about it,
it seams like a good idea irl. Create a git repo, chunk in the us constitution,
and my fictional mosphere constitution, say "Hey guys. got any constitutional ammendments?"
and wait for the (probibly satire) pull requests to start rolling in!

I'mma put this on r/worldjerking so for reference: pull request is basically
someone requesting to edit stuff.



...

Alright. Now that I nave a format layed out, Lets make a seccond smaller country.
This is the... evil little sister to mispherus. Well, not evil, not little, well its small in
comparason. Ok, that analogy kinda sucked... Its a desert. but not a DESERT desert. It has lakes and stuff, 
just not grass.
And its kinda costal. It is not poor, but not rich either. Its quite pretty and---
TROPICS. I'm thinking of tropics... See? Even I don't know what I'm writing about half the time.
I love the /kx/ affricate so I want its name to start with that. It just sournds cool.


Kxerhestar "Dest' Lands" / Tropical / ??? / Capitalist / ??? / Various
I spent a lot of time making the name interesting. Problem is now noone except me
cam pernoune it so I gave it an "English" name.
--Tropical - Beutiful plants and lots of coastline. Oops, all heatwave!
--Oligarchy - Much like the US, the goverment can be "sponcered" by companies. Unlike the US, the govt is literally a company!
"Kxerhestar Peace Management" How ironic!
--Capitalist - Everyone is always asking "Whats in it for me?"
--??? TBD
--Various - Overrun by humans! ....and Synths! ...and Protos! ...and- you get it. They got everything there.

- Many people don't vote because it is too expencive (They change the price all the time)
- Unlike Futurama, "robots" can't vote.
  - Side note. These "robots" constantly fight over whether "robot" is a slur or not.
  They're sentient, not just "robots".
    - Side Side Note: The technical definitions of these words. "Synths" refers to Synthetic Life of ALL types, including protogens.
    Helpers refer to the owobots and "robots" usually refers to "bots" and are not physical.
- //..


> tf is with your climate? Don't you map out climate zones and stuff?
EHeheh, no I don't think about that. I make a desert naton,
then I panic, (Desert dosn't have plants, how do people eat?) and now its
in the tropics. Then i paniced (That dosn't feel right. THey have desert-like culture!)
and now I just have a mess. To summerize: Egypt and Costa Rica, but like next to eachother.
